USE OF ISO 17712
COMPLIANT
SEALS

MSC IS A PARTNER IN CTPAT.

MSC would like to remind our business partners of our
policy regarding the mandatory use of ISO 17712 compliant
High Security Seals (HSS) on all full containers transported
by MSC.

As a best practice, we recommend shippers take clear
photographs of the following items when preparing their
shipments:

e The cargo stuffed inside the container prior to closing
the container doors;

¢ Container doors closed, with the container number
clearly visible

e¢ Aclose-up of the seal showing the seal number legibly,
prior to affixing to the container; and lastly,

¢ The seal properly affixed to the inner right locking hasp
or lower right locking rod cam

a
MEDITERRANEAN SHIPPING COMPANY(USA) Inc. ness

Ss [4 Booking Confirmation Page 2 of 5

SHIPPER DOCUMENT No. Booking #:038NY 1033141
© &Y GLOBAL
126 N. WITTER, Reference —_ R06118010000520 FORWARDING AGENT - REFERENCES

Pasadena, TX 77506
Contact: JANE CHEN

Phone: 7135346500

Fax: 7135346504

CARGO SUPPLIER
VESSEL AND VOYAGE NUMBER

MSC BIANCA MC306R

PLACE OF RECEIPT PORT OF LOADING
LOS ANGELES, CA

PORT OF DISCHARGE PLACE OF DELIVERY SERVICE CONTRACT NUMBER, RO6118010000520

MUNDRA, INDIA LUDHIANA, INDIA
Port 1st 10-Feb-2023 Port 16-Feb-2023 02:00 PM
Receiving Date Cut-off Date
ETD POL Date: 20-Feb-2023 ETA POD Date: 28-Apr-2023

LIVE LOAD: SI Cut Off Date: 15-Feb-2023 12:00PM GM Cut Off Date: 16-Feb-2023 12:00PM
Haz Mat Cut Off Date: 15-Feb-2023 04:00PM Auto Cut Off Date: 16-Feb-2023 02:00PM

ALL TIMES INDICATED ABOVE ARE IN LOCAL TIME FOR THE POL OR RAMP LOCATION .

REQUESTED / ASSIGNED CONTR # DESCRIPTION APPOINTMENT DATE ITERMODAL COMMENTS PICK UP DATE DROP OFF LOADED
Hazardous Info: PICK UP EMPTY
1 40' HIGH CUBE WEST BASIN
. CONTAINER
West Basin Container TERMINAL (WBCT)
Terminal . Los Angeles
2050 John S. Gibson
Blvd.
scrap metal
Dear customer,

As of July 2, 2008, the US Census Bureau & US Customs Border Protection (USCBP) require mandatory filing of export information through the Automated Export System (AES) for all shipments
at least 24 hours prior to the vessel arrival at the Port of Loading. In order to safely prepare the vessel stow plan, MSC has decided to institute a deadline for the AES ITN and MASTERS.
MSC will not load cargo without proof of a filing citation, exemption or exclusion.

If not received, MSC will be forced to roll over your cargo to the next available vessel. In this case, roll over and demurrage charges (where applicable) will apply.

You should submit your Master B/L containing the AES# or exemption legend in the following way :

+ www.myMSC.com (Free of Charge)

+ EDI or Manually (via INTTRA) (3rd Party Fees may Apply)

+ Email to US038-manualshippinginstructions@msc.com ($75 fee per bill of lading applies)

Please do not send your revised instructions or amendment to US038-manualshippinginstructions@msc.com which it reserved strictly for new AES or MASTER BIL submissions.

Ifa revision is needed please contact your local Port of Loading documentation representative for further instructions.

Note: this port is a"NO DOCS NO LOAD" port.

Full Master B/L instructions are required: Dummy Bill of Lading Fee may apply in case incomplete/incorrect Master B/L is submitted

$200 re-handling / rollover fee (per rehandle, to be confirmed by terminal) per ctr, $50 late aes filing fee per bkg and all applicable demurrage charges.

PLEASE CONTACT MSC WITHIN 48 HOURS IF ANY CORRECTION TO THIS BOOKING IS NECESSARY

If you should have any questions, please contact at us038-ecommrelayhou@msc.com or call 7136818880
To track and trace your containers please visit our website at: www.mscgva.ch/tracking

WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS AND SUPPORT
1/23/2023
7:15:53PM

Ss [4 Booking Confirmation Page 3 of §

MEDITERRANEAN SHIPPING COMPANY(USA) Inc.

Please be informed that MSC has implemented the use of a new B/L format. We suggest that you read the terms and conditions since some of the clauses have been changed.
EMPTY PICK UP & RETURN INFORMATION: APM TERMINALS, 2500 NAVY WAY, TERMINAL ISLAND, CA 90731, TEL (310) 221 - 4000

IMPORTANT:
MSC will not provide Clean trucks for door deliveries or rail moves that travel on an Off dock basis.
Requirements and Registration to claim and pay for the Clean Truck Fee can be located through the following link: http://www.portcheck.org

FOR REEFER CARGO please make sure trucker contacts USA-equipment.team@msc.com 2 working days before attempting empty pick up to confirm release/location and to ensure reefers are
pre-tripped and ready.

TERMINAL MITIGATION FEE / PIER PASS:

As of July 23, 2005 the Beneficial Cargo Owners (BCOs) companies are responsible for the payment of the Traffic Mitigation Fee (TMF), also known as the Pier Pass, for import and, or export
containers that move during peak hours.

In order to pay the TMF your company must register an account.

All of the information is available on their website https://www.pierpass-tmf.org

VGM:

In application of the SOLAS regulation effective July Ist 2016 it is the Merchant’s responsibility to obtain, document the Verified Gross Weight (VGM) of a packed container to the Terminal
operator and the Carrier regardless of derivative method used.

‘The Merchant (or the Responsible party he nominated) may use the method of its choice to comply with the regulation.

MSC USA does not provide VGM scale facility. By utilizing the “Terminal Weighing Approach”, the Merchant nominates the terminal as its “Weighing Agent”, and therefore accepts services
& charges directly from them. Any inquiry into those services should be addressed to the terminal directly.

Should the Merchant request to have their own VGM applied, such must be provided to the Terminal operator and the Carrier before Noon local POL time the day of the cargo cut-off.

Any Shipper of Record signed VGM will override any VGM derived at or by the terminal.

All costs and consequences flowing from the failure of Merchant to comply with the regulation shall be for Merchant’s account.

Further details may be found at: https://www.msc.com/getattachment/6de0b0de-4509-4966-93b0-d990929¢4b8/636203565049276064

PLEASE CONTACT MSC WITHIN 48 HOURS IF ANY CORRECTION TO THIS BOOKING IS NECESSARY,

HS CODE REQUIREMENT FOR CARGO MANIFEST

Please note that per local regulation, India is requesting the Carriers’ manifest to contain at least 6 digit HS CODE for all cargo discharging or transshipping within its border.
MSC is enforcing this obligation and require that Customers provides a 6 digit HS code at booking stage and on the Shipping Instructions. Customers will be responsible of cost &
consequences should the same not be provided accordingly.

MSC will not Load any Containers with the following prefixes TDIU, HDXU, IRSU, BANU and FURU to any destination . If a container with one of these prefixes is deliver to the Port /rail
ramp all charges and the removal of the unit, will be for the account of the shipper.

VGM:

In application of the SOLAS regulation effective July Ist 2016 it is the Merchant's responsibility to obtain, document the Verified Gross Weight (VGM) of a packed container to the Terminal
operator and the Carrier regardless of derivative method used.

‘The Merchant (or the Responsible party he nominated) may use the method of its choice to comply with the regulation.

MSC USA does not provide VGM scale facility. By utilizing the "Terminal Weighing Approach", the Merchant nominates the terminal as its "Weighing Agent", and therefore accepts services &
charges directly from them. Any inquiry into those services should be addressed to the terminal directly.

Should the Merchant request to have their own VGM applied, such must be provided to the Terminal operator and the Carrier before Noon local POL time the day of the cargo cut-off.

Any Shipper of Record signed VGM will override any VGM derived at or by the terminal.

All costs and consequences flowing from the failure of Merchant to comply with the regulation shall be for Merchant's account.
Further details may be found at: https://www.msc.com/getattachment/6de0b0de-4509-4966-93b0-d990929¢4b8/636203565049276064

TOTAL 20'S

TOTAL 40'S 1
TOTAL 45'S
Closing Date Rail :
TOTAL 48'S
Closing Date Yard : 02/16/2023
TOTAL

TRUCKER

FREIGHT & CHARGES BASIS RATE PREPAID COLLECT

‘Ad Valorem Charges if Any:

DATE BOOKING TAKEN 01/16/2023

PLEASE CONTACT MSC WITHIN 48 HOURS IF ANY CORRECTION TO THIS BOOKING IS NECESSARY

If you should have any questions, please contact at us038-ecommrelayhou@msc.com or call 7136818880
To track and trace your containers please visit our website at: www.mscgva.ch/tracking
WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS AND SUPPORT

MEDITERRANEAN SHIPPING COMPANY(USA) Inc.

1/23/2023
7:15:53PM

Ss [4 Booking Confirmation Page 4 of §

Terms & Conditions

Contract of carriage- MSC USA acts as agent for and on behalf of MSC Mediterranean Shipping
Company s.a. (the "Carrier", "MSC") only. This booking confirmation formalizes the freight
contract concluded between the parties defined as “Merchant” in the MSC Bill of Lading/ Sea Waybill
Terms & Conditions (found at www.msc.com/che/contract-of-carriage
<<http:/Avww.msc.com/che/contract-of-carriage>) and MSC. As a consequence, each Merchant
becomes jointly and severally obligated and bound by the terms of the contract of carriage. The
contract of carriage incorporates, and all services of the Carrier are subject to, the Carrier's
Terms & Conditions, the present booking terms, and the local agency terms & conditions at ports
of loading, transshipment and discharge. The freight contract is agreed on strict FCL-FCL terms,
Cargo's description and weight - Booking party and shipper are responsible for and have to
recheck all information provided concerning description of goods, hazardous (IMO) cargoes, reefer
and out of gauge (00G) details as well as for the correctness of weights indicated. The information
furnished on this booking confirmation will serve as basis for the issuance of the bill of lading/sea
waybill
Any discrepancies, inaccuracies or missing details must be notified to the carrier without delay. Any
inconsistencies at the time of receipt of the goods, especially in respect of the cargo's weight, may
lead to substantial risk and costs for account of the merchant and might result in short-shipments.
The verified/declared total weight must include any packaging and any packing materials used to
secure the cargo in the container and for each container separately. It is the merchant's responsibility
to ensure that packaging and packing materials, especially timber, comply with all applicable
requirements and their import is permitted in the country of destination. MSC does not permit its
containers to be used in any manner whatsoever to lift, load, move or carry cargoes that:
a) Are wrongly declared, or
b) Weigh in excess of the VGM or commercial / manifest weight declared, or
c) Weigh in excess of the payload of the equipment. Should MSC be made aware, prior or during
carriage, that its containers have been used in breach of any of the above prohibitions, the
container(s) concerned may be refused for loading, kept onboard for return to origin,
discharged at the next convenient port and/or corrective measures such as, but not limited to,
re-stuffing into other containers may be taken at MSC’ sole discretion and at the merchant's
sole risks and expenses. merchant shall be liable towards MSC and its agents for all losses,
claims, fines, demands, suits and actions of any kind whatsoever including in respect of death
and personal injury, legal and court expenses, whether directly or indirectly resulting from or
connected to such unauthorized use of the MSC’s containers.
Any extra work generated due to a breach of any of the above prohibitions shall give rise to an
ad hoc surcharge and MSC reserves it rights to exercise its lien over the infringing cargo
and/or any other cargo carried on behalf of the merchant until the costs due to MSC, including
surcharge, have been fully paid.

Sanctions and import/export control laws - The merchant shall ensure that its booking and related
shipment are at all time compliant with each and every trade sanctions and/or import/export laws
applicable to the merchant, the carrier or the cargo ("sanctions").

The merchant will not cause the carrier to breach any sanctions, including but not limited to swiss and
EU regulations, and, when applicable, US regulations. In case of any failure by the merchant to comply
with sanctions, the merchant shall indemnify, defend and hold the carrier, its servants and agents
harmless from any and all claims, demands, costs, losses, expenses, and liabilities (including attorneys’
fees and costs). The carrier may, at its own discretion, cancel this booking, refuse loading or discharge
or otherwise take any action needed to ensure compliance with sanctions at merchant's cost, risk, and
expense.

Reefers and controlled temperature shipments- The use of dry-van containers in lieu of reefer or
temperature-controlled containers is left to the sole merchant's appreciation and decision and the
carrier shall have no liability or responsibility whatsoever for thermal or condensation loss or damage
sustained by reason of natural variations in atmospheric temperatures whether the cargo was carried on
or under deck.

Booking party, shipper and its representatives are responsible to check and correct the pre-settings of
the container temperature prior to stuffing. MSC or its agent shall not be held liable for temperature
damages generated by hot stuffing or non-adjusted/wrong pre-settings. Save where goods are carried
in an operating refrigerated container, the carrier has no liability whatsoever for loss or damage to the
goods caused by variations in atmospheric conditions (e.g., temperature, humidity).

Dangerous and hazardous (IMO) cargoes- Dangerous or hazardous goods have been accepted by
the carrier in reliance of the merchant's notice of their full and true nature.

The merchant's dangerous or hazardous goods declarations must be in the format required by all
applicable regulations. Their effective loading onboard remains subject to the vessel master's
acceptation.

Equipment positioning and inspection- Quoted times and dates for empty positioning are always
subject to equipment availability. In case of merchant's haulage, the booking party and shipper are
responsible for inspecting the empty container for its suitability to carry the specific shipment booked at
the time of empty pickup from the depot/terminal either directly or via their truckers. Any later refusal of
container will cause additional costs for account of the merchant and neither MSC nor its agent shall be
held liable for the costs of changing or replacing a container that was accepted during empty
positioning unless the vice affecting the container was not detectable during a summary check in which
case the costs of the container changing shall be equally shared. Notwithstanding the above, a
light-test is compulsory prior to each empty container's acceptance and no liability shall be borne by
MSC or its agent for costs of exchanging a container found with holes or cracks at a later stage.
Container seal(s) - It is the carrier's policy that all full shipments transported by the carrier, that are
capable of being sealed, be secured with a High Security Seal that meets or exceeds the most current
1SO 17742 standard. Itis the Merchant's responsibility to affix, upon stuffing of cargo inside the
containers, seals on the container doors, in compliance with the policy and all applicable
regulations. The Merchant shall indemnify the Carrier against any loss, damages, liability or expenses
whatsoever and howsoever arising, caused by the Merchant's use of a seal which does not comply with
this provision.

PLEASE CONTACT MSC WITHIN 48 HOURS IF ANY CORRECTION TO THIS BOOKING IS NECESSARY

If you should have any questions, please contact at us038-ecommrelayhou@msc.com or call 7136818880
To track and trace your containers please visit our website at: www.mscgva.ch/tracking

WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS AND SUPPORT

1/23/2023

MEDITERRANEAN SHIPPING COMPANY(USA) Inc. 7-18:53PM

Ss [4 Booking Confirmation Page 5 of §

Sailing/arrival dates and transit-time - Quoted times and dates for loading are always subject to
space onboard, possible ports congestions, adverse sea conditions, safety and operational
consideration. Advertised transit times, sailing and arrival dates are thus estimated times only and
schedules may be advanced, delayed or cancelled with the carrier having no liability for any direct,
indirect or consequential damages or losses sustained as the result of such modification.

Freight and charges - Freight and charges are based on instructions provided at the date of this
booking confirmation and may change if the shipper's instructions change. Unless otherwise
agreed in advance, the applicable tariff for freight and charges for the goods is the tariff in effect as
at the date the carrier takes possession of the goods. All quoted charges are "VATOS" (valid at the
time of shipment), unforeseeable and additional expenses (such as statutory increase, war risk,
congestion, etc.) before, during and after the sea-carriage may at any time be charged by the
carrier to the merchant. The merchant is advised that extra charges may be levied by local
authorities in addition to the freight and charges listed in this booking confirmation that the carrier
may be required to collect on behalf of the local authorities. Unless expressly agreed otherwise,
all invoices are payable immediately, in the currency mentioned on the invoice received and
without deduction or rights of retention or of set-off whatsoever.

Fumigation / Phytosanitary - It is the Merchant s responsibility to provide fumigation and/or
phytosanitary certificates in good time for presentation to authorities as required and the

Merchant is responsible for all consequences of failing to do so.

Late Customs Declaration Fines - When it is the Merchant's responsibility to file customs
declarations and the Carrer is fined in consequence of the Merchant's late, incomplete or
erroneous filing the Merchant shall indemnify the Carrier for the fine and for all costs, losses and
‘expenses whatsoever incidental thereto,

Documentation postage - Bills of lading or sea waybills are available for the merchant to collect
from the MSC agency office but should the merchant request them to be sent this shall be at
merchant's own risk and expense.

Jurisdiction and applicable law - Any suits of the merchant against the carrier shall be brought
and heard solely in the high court of London, English law shall exclusively apply, save for suits
related to shipments from or to the united states which shall be brought solely in the united states

Military cargo: For any intended booking regarding the shipment of military and/or para-military
cargo (defined in the broadest sense as without limitation, (i) any commodity on the US Munitions
List or on the Wassenaar Arrangement Dual List Categories, (ii) any commodity which by its design
or characteristics, is on any similar list applicable to the Carrier, including so-called dual-use cargo,
and (iii) any commodity consigned to a firearms or munitions manufacturer, or to any state police or
defense ministry or equivalent entity), (iv) as well as sport-weapons and military exhibition related
cargo it is mandatory to submit the following documents to MSC as a condition precedent for
acceptance of such booking packing list, commercial invoice, HS Codes consisting of minimum 6
digits, full details of the manufacturer and end user of such cargo, technical or safety data sheet of the
Goods, copy of the import license and/or export license of the importer/exporter of such cargo any
other relevant authorization, final destination of the Goods. The Merchant must specifically notify any
military or para-military shipment to the Carrier before the release of the Carrier's equipment. No
booking of military / para-military cargo can be accepted without MSC having received the prior
approval from the relevant authorities. Furthermore, the compliance policy requirements of MSC.
must be adhered to. Any booking or quotation obtained on the basis of incomplete or inaccurate
information as to the nature or value of the cargo shall not be binding on MSC and/ or shall be
considered a material breach of contract, entitling MSC to suspend, modify or cancel the
transportation at the Merchant's sole risk and expenses, and without prejudice to any other remedy
available to the Carrier. The Merchant shall indemnify the Carrier against any and all claims,

losses, costs, expenses and liabilities of any nature whatsoever arising from or in connection with
the failure to comply with those provisions. MSC shall be entitled to apply a charge equal to 25% of
the value of the cargo actually found in the container (as assessed through commercial invoice

or as per market value) for any misdeclaration of said commodity with a minimum of USD 5,000 for
any misdeclaration in relation to military and/or para-military shipment, including but not limited

to misdeclaration of any commodity listed on the US Munitions List or on the Wassenaar
Arrangement Dual List Categories. This charge shall be levied without prejudice to the Cargo
Mis-Description fee and any other applicable charges.

For more information on the terms of this booking and of your transport please contact our
export customer service desk or consult our msc agency and msc contract of carriage terms &
conditions available online at www.msc.com <http:/www.msc.com>

district court for the southern district of New-York and the US law shall apply.
N. High Value Commodity Mis-Declaration Fee - Any cargo with a commercial value
exceeding USD 250,000 must be declared to MSC or its agent at the time of booking. Failure

by the Merchant to inform MSC will result in the application of a High Value Commodity Mis-
Declaration Fee of USD 25,000.00 (Twenty five thousands dollars) , being expressly agreed that

such information to MSC shall not be considered as a declaration of value and the documentation so

issued will not be deemed ad valorem unless this has been formally agreed by MSC and the
corresponding surcharge paid by the Merchant.

PLEASE CONTACT MSC WITHIN 48 HOURS IF ANY CORRECTION TO THIS BOOKING IS NECESSARY

If you should have any questions, please contact at us038-ecommrelayhou@msc.com or call 7136818880
To track and trace your containers please visit our website at: www.mscgva.ch/tracking

WE APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS AND SUPPORT

